refactor: [M3-7437] - Use `@lukemorales/query-key-factory` for Profile Queries (#10241)
linode/manager: docs/tooling/react-query.md

# React Query

[TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) (formerly React Query) is Cloud Manager's primary tool for fetching and caching API data. For a quick introduction, read our [Fetching Data](../development-guide/05-fetching-data.md#react-query) development guide. 

## Query Keys

React Query's cache is a simple key-value store. Query Keys are serializable strings that uniquely identify a query's data in the cache. You can read more about the concept [here](https://tanstack.com/query/latest/docs/framework/react/guides/query-keys) in the TanStack Query docs.

> Because of Cloud Manager's complexity, we use [`@lukemorales/query-key-factory`](https://github.com/lukemorales/query-key-factory) to manage our query keys. This package allows us to define query key _factories_ that enable typesafe standardized query keys that can be reused an refrenced throughout the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of Cloud Manager's complexity, we use [`@lukemorales/query-key-factory`](https://github.com/lukemorales/query-key-factory) to manage our query keys. This package allows us to define query key _factories_ that enable typesafe standardized query keys that can be reused and referenced throughout the application.
```

### Examples

#### Simple Query

```ts
import { useQuery } from "@tanstack/react-query";
import { getProfile } from "@linode/api-v4";
import type { APIError, Profile } from "@linode/api-v4";

const profileQueries = createQueryKeys('profile', {
  profile: {
    queryFn: getProfile,
    queryKey: null,
  },
});

export const useProfile = () =>
  useQuery<Profile, APIError[]>(profileQueries.profile);
```

#### Query with paramaters

> [!important]

> > Queries that have paramaters should always include the paramaters in the `queryKey`

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
> Queries that have parameters should always include the parameters in the `queryKey`
```

```ts
import { useQuery } from "@tanstack/react-query";
import { getLinode } from "@linode/api-v4";
import type { APIError, Linode } from "@linode/api-v4";

const linodeQueries = createQueryKeys('linodes', {
  linode: (id: number) => ({
    queryFn: () => getLinode(id),
    queryKey: [id],
  }),
});

export const useLinodeQuery = (id: number) =>
  useQuery<Linode, APIError[]>(linodeQueries.linode(1));
```

## Maintaining the Cache

> A significant challage of React Query is keeping the client state in sync with the server. 

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
> A significant challenge of React Query is keeping the client state in sync with the server. 
```

The two easiest ways of updating the cache using React Query are
- Using `invalidateQueries` to mark data as stale (which will trigger a refetch the next time the query is mounted) 
- Using `setQueryData` to manually update the cache

### `invalidateQueries`

> This will mark data as stale in the React Query cache, which will cause Cloud Manager to refetch the data if the corosponding query is mounted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will mark data as stale in the React Query cache, which will cause Cloud Manager to refetch the data if the corresponding query is mounted.
```
